I'm very sorry that I had to be
so rough.
Please, just rest here for a
while.
(SURPRISED)
Stop... Ku, please...!
There's no need for any concern.
No, wait...
You're simply weakened, Master.
That's why your judgment is
clouded right now.
Please just leave the rest of
this to me...
I said, "wait!"
[SHIKADAI] Are you guys doing
okay?
Yeah, I think so... But I'm all
out of chakra...
so I don't think I can move
for a little while.
Yea...same here.
(CONCERNED)
You think Sarada and Boruto
are doing okay?
Yeah... Right now...
...we just have to hope they'll
take care of the rest...
(STRAINING)
Damn it! I can't move my body
at all!
(WORRIED)
Don't get too confident just
because you took down Kakou.
You see... I'm not weak like he
was.
♪♪ (JAPANESE THEME MUSIC)
(STRAINING)
We're gonna have some fun!
(WORRIED)
From now on, you two are going
to be my dollies.
(SHOCKED)
(ANGRY)
(STRUGGLING)
I want anything that a human
has.
Because when I finally
take it as my own...
I feel like I'm closer to being
human!
Of course... what I really
want...is a human itself.
[KIRARA] But you two aren't
beautiful at all...
So...
(STRAINING)
How's a death match between you
two sound?
(ANGRY)
Boruto!
(SHOCKED)
(EYES FORCED CLOSED)
[KIRARA] I'll make sure your
eyes have no effect.
(FRUSTRATED)
You'll watch your friend die...
by your own hand.
All right, let's begin!
(WORRIED) Sarada, it's not like
you to be controlled...
so easily by someone.
Same goes for you!
(GASP) Boruto, dodge!
I can't! I can't!
(horrified)
(GIGGLE) I won't let you kill
each other that easily!
You're part of my precious doll
collection.
Breaking you so quickly wouldn't
be any fun at all...
now, would it?
(FRUSTRATED)
Are you okay, Sarada?!
I don't think this is gonna be
okay at all...
(GIGGLE) I never thought
watching two friends fight...
would be so much fun!
(LAUGHING)
...but still...
They could talk and think like
humans, and it seemed...
like they had their
own personalities....
Master, does this mean...
that what you're telling us to
do is die?
(STRUGGLING)
They were created to stand in
the place of shinobi...
Before we even realized it,
they acquired...
a will of their own. A desire to
live.
Ah, so, this is it.
Yes.
Listen. From this point on,
Lord Ohnoki will be your master.
You are to do whatever he tells
you to do.
Yes. Master, please order me
to do whatever you desire.
And what do you call him?
He doesn't have a name yet.
(CONSIDERING) He must be given a
name...
[OHNOKI] One without a will...
Empty....
(REALIZING) Your name is Ku.
Henceforth, we shall call you
Ku.
Ku...
Now, then... you will be my
arms and legs.
From here on, you must do your
best to protect people's lives.
Yes, my Master.
And I'm also going to be
completing four other...
Fabrications very soon.
[OHNOKI] The day my long-awaited
wish comes true...
is growing closer!
[KU] Kakou, Kokuyou, Sekiei,
Kirara...
Starting now, the four of them
will be your arms and legs, too.
They'll bring your wish
to fruition.
Please order them however you
see fit.
Let's just dispense with the
formalities!
Seems we have a long way to go,
since you don't understand
subtleties.
But in any event, raise your
heads.
Now, moving forward...
by acting in my stead, you shall
help to create an ideal society.
Kozuchi, we're almost there...
Just a little longer,
and we'll achieve the world that
you dreamed of.
Was I wrong to go about things
this way?
Oh, my dear Kozuchi...
I've done a very foolish...
and sinful thing!
That's it! I cannot allow Ku
to continue this!
(STRUGGLING)
(MENACING GROWLS)
Step aside!
I order you!
(GROWL)
(WORRIED)
(CONSIDERING)
Um,... Doctor? Once we get
hearts...
will we be able to live
like regular humans?
[DOCTOR] No.
(SURPRISED)
The truth is, it's more accurate
to say that...
you'll be even greater than
humans!
Your lifespan will be just as
long as theirs...
but your strength will far
exceed what they have!
(CONSIDERING) But...that
doesn't interest me.
Because all I want to do...
is protect the friends who are
precious to me.
[DOCTOR] For now, just rest a
while.
All right, I'll leave him to
you...
I heard from the Akuta
earlier...
that Kokuyou and Kakou have been
taken down.
(SHOCKED)
After I heard that
those two are gone...
I felt a pain inside...
Right here...
...even though there's nothing
actually in there. I wonder...
do you think that I could
be feeling lonely or sad?
Honestly, I don't
understand it all very well...
But... it's been hurting since,
you know?
After I get a heart... and I
become closer to being human,...
is this pain going to...
get worse?
Just because you have a
heart...
doesn't mean you're closer
to being human.
What?
Having a heart isn't
the same as having heart.
Lord Ku says that when
the heart is ready...
We're supposed to
deliver it to the old city.
Right.
Just a little longer, now...
and then I'll be able to
extract the hearts.
So please... tell him
it will be just a short while.
(SEARCHING GROWLS)
(GROWL)
(RELIEVED SIGH)
Where did everyone go?
(RUNNING)
(NERVOUS)
[SEKKI] (SHOCKED) Mr. Akatsuchi!
Ah, Sekki!
That's all the more reason that
we have to get out of here now!
Wait! (INHALE) We still
have to rescue Lord Ohnoki!
Although... As much as I'm
ashamed to admit it...
I can't move now.
Sekki... will you go in my
place?
(NERVOUS) You want me to go?!
Yes. Every other shinobi in
the village...
has already been imprisoned.
You're the only one left that I
can ask.
But that's just... No it's
useless!
I just don't have that kind of
strength!
It's useless. I've never been
able to...
Making excuses...
Making excuses, cannot be
excused!
(DETERMINED) I'll do it!
Good, I'm counting on you,
Sekki!
After I get Lord Third, I'll
come get you.
So please stay here until then.
Granny, I'm gonna see this
through without fail!
The heart is ready.
(STUNNED)
C'mon, let's go to Lord Ku.
Damn it!
(WORRIED)
(giggle) I've never had so much
fun playing with dolls before!
You know...
Maybe it's about time that I cut
off one of your arms!
(GROAN WHISPERING)
What did you say?!
Can I let you in on something
wonderful?
Mitsuki and Sekiei
will be here shortly,...
and they're bringing a heart for
Lord Ku!
[KIRARA] I simply can't miss
this!
Mitsuki...! I won't let him do
that!
You're so persistent! Whatever.
I'm going now.
So sorry! Playtime's over!
Ah! When something precious is
about to break, my chest aches!
I can't bare seeing the end.
So you just kill each other
however you want.
(PROUD SQUEAL) That was so human
of me just now!
Damn it!
Hey, wait! (STRAINING)
(STUNNED)
(SHOCKED)
(WORRIED)
Release!
That was close!
How did you undo it?
I used your sword to reflect my
Sharingan...
and put myself under a genjutsu
to disrupt my chakra.
But to be honest... I barely
did...
Let's hurry!
Mitsuki's over there.
(EXCITED) So this is it?
And the hearts for us are going
to be ready soon, too...
aren't they?
(AFFIRMATIVE) The Doctor told me
that...
he's busy preparing the rest of
them right now.
Yes!
That's even faster than we
originally estimated!
Yes.
We wanted to rush to complete
your heart first, Lord Ku.
That's what the Doctor told us.
(HEART BEATING)
I see!
(INHALE)
Now... we shall complete the
Master's plan.
And anyone who interferes will
be dealt with swiftly.
Yes!
Mitsuki, you've done very well,
too.
You've helped to carry out the
Master's will...
so I'm quite pleased that you
stayed on here with us.
Now... bring that heart to me!
Wait!
(NOTICING)
What?! Why are you two still
alive?!
Sorry to disappoint you.
But we're not as weak as you
seem to think!
I still need to talk to Mitsuki,
and you're not gonna stop me!
Hey, Mitsuki! Listen!
Lightning Style.
Snake Lightning.
(SHOCKED)
Earth Style: Reverse Antlion.
(FRUSTRATED)
Enough, Ku! Stop this!
You were all created to protect
humans, weren't you?
Which means it's wrong to take
the lives of the Stone's shinobi
...and its villagers!
[BORUTO] Mitsuki! Ku's wrong!
Don't help someone like him!
Whatever you have to say, he's
not going to listen to you!
Just hear me out, Mitsuki!
Please!
I had no clue about how you
felt.
No, I- I didn't even try
to understand!
But it's different now!
[BORUTO] I really want to know
what you're thinking!
I want to know why you
came to the Land of Earth.
And I want to know what's making
you want to stay here!
Answer me, Mitsuki! Please!
Boruto, don't interfere.
Mitsuki...
Here, Lord Ku.
No! Stop!
At last, a complete life is now
within our grasp!
We'll become beings who surpass
humans.
And when that time comes...
we'll stand atop this village!
No... we'll stand atop the
entire world!
(SINISTER LAUGHING)
(STUNNED)
[KU] (STUNNED) What?!
Yes, Ku, this is my will.
No...! This can't be! Not my
heart!
(SHOCKED)
(DISCOMFORT)
(FALLING)
Lord Ku!
You bastard!
Mitsuki?!
(SURPRISED)
What's that?
What's happening?!
Konohamaru Sensei. I'm in a
race against time now.
So I ask you... please, don't
try to stop me.
Mitsuki... do you realize just
what you've done?
I'm sorry.
But there's still something I
have to do.
I'll accept punishment after
I'm done.
But for now...
I understand. So, then... what
are you planning to do?
Well, I...
Well I'm going to carry out
my will.
All right, but don't forget...
(TAKEN BACK)
Whatever happens, you will
always be a member of Team 7.
Yes.
Mitsuki...?
I fooled you all this time.
Apologies.
(BETRAYED)
(GASP)
How dare you!
Mitsuki!
Mitsuki, I will never ever
forgive you.
You should just forget about
completing your plan.
By now, the people who were
going to be your heart donors
have all been set free.
What?!
(SHOCKED)
Sorry to keep you all waiting!
Lady Fourth! You're okay!
That's right. Thanks to a
certain masked shinobi.
As if I'd ever let a bunch of
clay dolls bring me down!
Now it's time to strike back!
(EXCITED CHEERING)
I can't stay in here anymore...
(CAUTIONING GROWLS)
(GROWLS)
Out of my way!
Earth Style: Weighted Boulder
Jutsu!
(STRUGGLING)
(HEAVY BREATHING) I have to get
going, and fast!
Boruto, I just...
You know, why don't you tell me
about it later, okay?
(SHOCKED)
(ANGRY) Mitsuki!
(NOTICING)
(DETERMINED)
(ANGRY)
This isn't over yet!
I won't let it end here!
Mitsuki!
Sekiei...
♪♪ (JAPANESE END CREDITS)
[SEKIEI] You completely deceived
me this whole time, Mitsuki!
[MITSUKI] Please stop this,
Sekiei.
If you keep this up,
your body'll fail.
[SEKIEI] You were just lying to
me all along!
Just stop pretending that you're
my friend!
[MITSUKI] You're wrong. I really
want to help you.
Next time on "Boruto: Naruto
Next Generations..."
"Mitsuki and Sekiei"
[SEKIEI] What?! Help me?!
If that's really the truth, then
give me your heart!